Update orb-concepts.md (#3989)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/orb-concepts.md

For example, when mynamespace/some-orb@8.2.0 exists, and mynamespace/some-orb@8.1.24 and mynamespace/some-orb@8.0.56 are published after 8.2.0, volatile will still refer to mynamespace/some-orb@8.2.0 as the highest semantic version.

> **Note:** CircleCI does not currently support non-numeric semver elements. Instead, it is suggested that you use dev versions when using non-numeric semver elements. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** CircleCI does not currently support non-numeric semantic versioning elements. We suggest that you use either semver-style version strings in x.y.z format, or a development-style version string in dev:* format.
```

Reviewer: Just added the suggestions from the actual error message because some inexperienced users (me!) might not know what dev and semvar versioning are? :-D
